I think my best advice for job searching like kind of beginning a job
search is to try to be, you know, try to narrow down what you really
want to dio Um but keep your options open, and so I wouldn't turn down
a job that looked pretty good, but maybe didn't have some of your
requirements. So you don't want to narrow it down so much that you
know, there's essentially, like, Onley five positions in the entire
universe. Um, you know, you want to narrow enough to kind of weed through
things that you know you absolutely don't want. Um but then you
want to keep it loose enough so that you don't miss opportunities,
because sometimes a job may look, you know, kind of one way on paper,
But then, in reality, it ends up, you know, really being close to
what you want to dio or, you know, it might even turn you in a slightly
different direction. So especially when you're new thio working
professionally, Um, um, I would err on the side of staying open as
opposed Thio saying No, this isn't what I'm looking for.